Let's talk about subqueries.
I was actually pretty impressed that
I got this far in the course and
I did not actually end up talking
about subqueries until now,
cuz I end up using them quite a bit.
What if you're looking for
the cast of Tron Legacy, but
you don't remember the ID?
There's a couple ways you could do it.
I'm sure you could probably fathom it with
different things, you could do joins and
things like that or
we can just do a subquery.
So you can do SELECT, p.name for
person.name, FROM casts c,
INNER JOIN people p ON
c.person_id = p.id.
WHERE, and
you just wanna say like c.movie_id
= whatever the id is of Tron Legacy,
right?
Well, you can do that,
actually you can say, =, and
then you're gonna put a parenthesis here.
And can actually put
a second query in here.
So I'm gonna say SELECT id from movies,
where name = 'Tron Legacy'.
And then I'm just gonna close
that particular subquery,
that's what the parentheses mean,
and I just hit semicolon.
So I just wrote my query down to the point
where I need to get a second query
here to figure out whatever the id
is from what Tron Legacy is.
Because this is only going to
return one id and I know that,
I can just go ahead and do this.
And SQL is smart enough to say, cool,
we're gonna grab this from this subquery,
return that back up here,
so this one gets run first.
And then the result of that is gonna
be put here to run the second query.
Very common,
you're gonna use subqueries all the time.
But keep in mind that you've turned
now one query into two queries,
there's a performance implication for
that.
Nesting makes things harder to read.
Frequently, you can do
this in a better way.
I would typically air on what's
the most readable query versus what's
the most performant one.
Typically a performance profile's
not gonna be that different.
If it is that different then
you need to make adjustments.
But if they're the same,
then error on the side of what's readable.
Sometimes subqueries make it better,
sometimes subqueries don't make it better,
and you have to be the judge of that.
So just to drive home a point,
this is this query with a subquery.
This is the exact same query using joins.
Which is clear to you?
I have an opinion, but it may not be
the right opinion according to you.
I do think this one in this case,
this is more clear.
Because this is a pretty simple
query with a very simple where, and
this where the SELECT
query here is very simple.
It's just getting an ID
out of the movies table.
Two INNER JOINs with an AND.
There's some gymnastics for
my brain to get there.
>> And it kinda feels like if you did
the wrong join at the wrong time on
a performance database you could-
>> It can go from fine to out of control
>> Out of control really fast.
I feel it'd be harder to mess it up
have you ever noticed that subquery,.
You know exactly what you're looking for,
I don't know?
>> I mean, this can kinda suck
particularly if there's no index on name.
>> There.
>> So it's really gonna depend,
in my particular case here,
the subquery one was 308 and
I think this is without the index,
and the second one was 175
Depending on what you're doing,
that's might be acceptable, that might not
be acceptable, it just really depends.
If it's a Cron job that runs once a week,
who cares, right?
It could be 10,000 I don't care, right?
If this gets run 100,000 times a second,
I very much care.
Your joins are typically gonna be faster,
just as a general rule,
joins are gonna be faster than
subqueries unless you have some,
Interesting circumstances
that would dictate otherwise.
But I'm just gonna say on the whole,
you can assume that subqueries
are gonna be slower.